PROJECT RISK ASSESSMENT
Unrestricted Bug Reporting
Description: Bug reports can be submitted by a registered user. However, the quality of the bug report is not guaranteed and the system can be subjected to bug report spamming, where bug reports are incorrect and are the results of mental frustration of the users from dealing with the bugs.
Countermeasure: Such reports need to be handled by restricting the number of bug reports based on the reputation that the user has, or based on a strict number set by the user administrator.

Excessive Accumulation of Bug Reports Over Time
Description: As the system is utilized over time, the number of bug reports will accumulate, and the system may be slowed down due to a large number of entries in the database.
Countermeasure: This can be dealt with by categorizing and indexing bug reports, and the triager can transfer bug reports into the correct categories.

Complex Bug Reports that Describes Multiple Bugs
Description: Bug reports can potentially be associated with multiple types of bugs, whether it be related or non-related, and a complex one can make it difficult to be managed and solved.
Countermeasure: It is up to the triager to break down the bug report into multiple smaller reports so it can be easily assigned to the respective developer to be solved. It is also possible to implement a tagging system that organizes bug reports into multiple distinct sections.

Requirement Changes
Description: As the system gets developed, additional features are suggested based on requirements gathered after the inception phase, due to the requirement changes or some features that was not identified clearly at the early phases.
Countermeasure: This can be solved by gathering requirements in short intervals while constantly reassessing the current requirement to ensure the requirements are implemented into the system functionalities.

Project Creep
Description: Aside from requirement changes, project creep can also happen where multiple requirements and features are suggested and added uncontrollably to the extent where time or budget runs out.
Countermeasure: This can be avoided by prioritizing the core functionalities of the system to be implemented before assessing the needs of additional features, and by negotiating with the client on the prioritization of such features.

Library Support for Implementation
Description: The lack of proper libraries to support the implementation of system functionalities can be critical when developing the system.
Countermeasure: A detailed understanding of the system architecture needs to be established to highlight existing tools and libraries, as well as the impact of using said libraries.

Schedule Inconsistency and Productivity Issues
Description: Due to long project timelines, project schedule may not be consistently followed and the urgency for completing the project can be dulled, and may result in time being wasted overall.
Countermeasure: This can be avoided by dividing the long schedule into multiple milestones and smaller schedules, which lets us focus on the short term plan, while keeping an eye on the less detailed long term plan.

Data Loss
Description: Database failure is a potential risk to the system’s functionalities. If the host computer storing the database encounter problems like hard drive failure or data corruption, the system will not be able to function normally. It is also a problem if the cloud backup service or version control software storing our documents or server data becomes unavailable.
Countermeasure: To solve this, we will backup our database frequently and store copies of it in multiple computers as well as in external hard drives separated from the main computer while using version control to synchronize the various data in the multiple computers.



Miscommunication and Language Barrier
Description: Being in a group of various cultural background can make communication difficult and may result in miscommunication among team members.
Countermeasure: We can overcome this by communicating in a more concise and simple manner, while making sure everyone understands the topic before proceeding the next.

